me too ons 30 i can football I'm doing
the updated version of my wilson a2000
ep15 model um using a different camera
because the other one the sound quality
was terrible because i was using my ipod
and now i'm using different now so yeah
first thing I made the wrist strap
bigger because it was the other one was
too small and too tight and yeah I made
it bigger and it took me a while so
because I didn't have the right tools so
make sure you have the right tools and I
do it because I house it's gonna take
you a while my mom at the homie so yeah
um yeah I made that bigger I used to the
pinky and I closed it to the finger
this finger go in the middle of these
two that's how I like clothes my gloves
I flare the thumb out a little bit I
don't really bend it I just like just
like go like that and I like roll the
glove in like this and roll it out and
I'm flattest I don't yeah that's what it
looks like I don't like using any oil
for my gloves I don't know why I just
don't like using it um see I don't use
any oil all I do is a grab a bat um and
I just started hitting it right here I
don't do it all the time and just when
I'm done playing I just I do it I just
hit it here and then when I'm done
playing I put a ball and I close it with
a belt and I leave it closed
um so I mean I want to use oil but i
just don't like that like like the
smudge on after using oil I don't like
that I think you just kind of destroys
the glove but it breaks it a lot easier
I not a faster so if you guys have any
like suggestions on which oils like you
know good and doesn't really up
your glove and she's my language but
yeah I just really don't like using oil
um and I think I'm gonna keep the laces
and I kind of like doing that because
the until it gets kind of boring you see
that for fun and I mean you know again I
go to in the pinky and there's like a
little indent in there for my finger I
thought that was pretty cool I've seen
like people do you put like butter there
or something and they would you leave
their finger in it he said I think
that's cool but I'm probably not going
to do that I don't know maybe and I'm i
might trim just this one just get the
east I don't know um yeah that's pretty
much it I'm going to be doing some more
reviews I got a black g shock I ordered
a new one it's pretty cool i'll do an
unboxing of that should be coming in by
this friday i got some football gloves
are you review of and batting gloves so
yeah thanks for watching hope you guys
like it and don't forget to you know
subscribe and comment that really helped
me a lot alright thanks